But that doesn't help us.
>> Well, why not?
>> Well, the whole point of limiting
the depth of our search and
using an evaluation function was to
avoid the exponential explosion in
the number of nodes we have to examine.
With quiescence search we have to search
the game three for two levels and
maybe a whole lot more if the results
are changing between levels.
>> Well, we don't have to use
quiescence search all the time.
In fact, if we play isolation a lot and
see that the evaluation function
is giving us consistent results,
then we might not bother at all.
However, we might find that in our
testing that certain times in the game
creates quiescent search might
give us some better results.
Often times, that's at the beginning
of the game, or at the end of the game.
Also we have another trick we can
use called iterative deepening, and
that might help us too.